Lord Wang, are you alright?
I didn't uh
Manager Liu, Her Excellency the Queen
I didn't expect it.
It turns out that you are the spy of my health sister
Yeah, it was me.
Just like Master Luo said just now
The queen is very smart
Too bad it's too late to be smart
In hindsight, Zhuge Liang is destined not to have a good end
Your lord
I advise you not to waste your efforts
You can't use your own destiny at all right now
Is that bottle of water you gave me to drink poisonous?
The soft gold umbrella given to me by Taijun Kameda
Toast to the Queen
Colorless and odorless
But it can imprison people's charm
No matter how strong you are
It will also become a soft horn incense
Crossing Taijun Gender